README.md, before:


```rust
cargo install cargo-cache
cargo cache -a
```

### How can I access a function's calling location each time it's called?

- [stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/60714284/how-can-i-access-a-functions-calling-location-each-time-its-called)

### If tests are failing on a well known repo...

run the following commands...   
after getting a clean copy of the repo from github

```rust
cargo clean
cargo update
```

Then to check and see what you have

```rust
cargo tree -i value-bag
```

[discord ref from openraft](https://discord.com/channels/1015845055434588200/1015845055434588205/1124198397977579630)


### Destructuring assignment

* [From the Rust RFC Book](https://rust-lang.github.io/rfcs/2909-destructuring-assignment.html#Summary)
* [Javascript example](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-use-destructuring-in-javascript-to-write-cleaner-more-powerful-code-9d1b38794050/#:~:text=Destructuring%20is%20the%20process%20of,an%20Object%20or%20an%20Array.)

By getting back the structure you are able to dive into it and get the values

* [all_in_one.rs](https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb_iox/blob/main/influxdb_iox/src/commands/run/all_in_one.rs#L473)

```
pub async fn command(config: Config) -> Result<()> {
    let SpecializedConfig {
        compactor_run_config,
        catalog_dsn,
        querier_config,
    } = config.specialize();

    let metrics = Arc::new(metric::Registry::default());

    let catalog = catalog_dsn
        .get_catalog("iox-all-in-one", Arc::clone(&metrics))
        .await?;
```

### Turn off doc test

```rust
# these next two lines turn off doc tests
[lib]
doctest = false
```

[How to opt out of running a doc test](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/32429369/how-to-opt-out-of-running-a-doc-test)

Commit message:

The Bytes crate is cool

README.md, after:


```rust
cargo install cargo-cache
cargo cache -a
```

### How can I access a function's calling location each time it's called?

- [stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/60714284/how-can-i-access-a-functions-calling-location-each-time-its-called)

### If tests are failing on a well known repo...

run the following commands...   
after getting a clean copy of the repo from github

```rust
cargo clean
cargo update
```

Then to check and see what you have

```rust
cargo tree -i value-bag
```

[discord ref from openraft](https://discord.com/channels/1015845055434588200/1015845055434588205/1124198397977579630)

### Bytes crate and saving lots of memory

Bytes Crate: This was originally posted by Darren on the core team channel

- [How cloning a Vec had caused memory bloat: solution the Bytes crate](https://blog.veeso.dev/blog/en/rust-on-a-diet/)

### Destructuring assignment

* [From the Rust RFC Book](https://rust-lang.github.io/rfcs/2909-destructuring-assignment.html#Summary)
* [Javascript example](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-use-destructuring-in-javascript-to-write-cleaner-more-powerful-code-9d1b38794050/#:~:text=Destructuring%20is%20the%20process%20of,an%20Object%20or%20an%20Array.)

By getting back the structure you are able to dive into it and get the values

* [all_in_one.rs](https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb_iox/blob/main/influxdb_iox/src/commands/run/all_in_one.rs#L473)

```
pub async fn command(config: Config) -> Result<()> {
    let SpecializedConfig {
        compactor_run_config,
        catalog_dsn,
        querier_config,
    } = config.specialize();

    let metrics = Arc::new(metric::Registry::default());

    let catalog = catalog_dsn
        .get_catalog("iox-all-in-one", Arc::clone(&metrics))
        .await?;
```

### Turn off doc test

```rust
# these next two lines turn off doc tests
[lib]
doctest = false
```

[How to opt out of running a doc test](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/32429369/how-to-opt-out-of-running-a-doc-test)
